But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.;Ernest Hemingway
There is nothing permanent except change.;Heraclitus
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.;Indira Gandhi
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.;A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.;Niccolo Machiavelli
Learning never exhausts the mind.;Leonardo da Vinci
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.;Will Rogers
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.;George Washington
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.;Sun Tzu
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.;Sigmund Freud
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.;Lao Tzu
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better;Samuel Beckett
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.;Marcus Aurelius
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.;Euripides
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.;George Bernard Shaw
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.;Socrates
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.;Confucius
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.;Ingrid Bergman
Believe you can and you're halfway there.;Theodore Roosevelt
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.;Nelson Mandela
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.;Robert Frost
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.;Winston Churchill
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.;Buddha
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.;Joseph Campbell
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.;Aristotle